 I'm thinking about all the things we need to add. We need to add the Orion BMS that has a three pin coming out facing outwards. That is the can connector. The 12 volt that comes out of PCC goes into discharge enable. And for the charger we have two of the powers. We have the always on power and the charge enable power. The always on power that goes to the actual battery that comes out of the charging box. That is the charging box PCB inside of charger box. That has an output as well. A 12 volt output. Oh great I forgot to add the pin for the getting the 12 pin Deutsch that is on the face of the charging box. I forgot about giving that a pass through to give out. To give out the power from the 12 volt AC to DC. Okay so inside of charging box there are two power systems. You have your 12 volt battery. That connects into charger box. That has its own input. Oh sorry charger PCB not charger box. The 12 volt battery is inside of charger box. All of the charger shit is inside of charger box. And so that 12 volt. And so that 12 volt. From the PCB. Charger PCB goes. Out. And into the car. Into the charge. Sorry. The always on. Power. And the charge enabled power. Comes from the DC to DC. So there's a DC to DC. That has. A power. A live neutral. And. I think it has a chassis ground somewhere on it. So. Anyways. Okay. So create. Three ports. On. AC to DC. Those three ports. Are. Port one. Is live and neutral. Port two. Is. Chassis ground. And port three. Is. DC output. So connected to the DC output. There's obviously a positive and negative. The pin number doesn't matter. It's a. Fucking. Terminal block. What do you expect? And so. That connects to. Well. One that connects to. Charger board. Somehow. We need to create an additional port. Just create a placeholder port. And run. Positive and negative. 12 volt. 12 volt. Or just name it. You know. Whatever the 12 volt convention is. For the rest of the 12 volt. On the system. And so. That sends. You know. A black and red wire. All the way. From. DC. AC to DC. To charge board. But. Make that a separate port. That's currently a placeholder. I'll tell you to look up the charge port. Yeah. The charge board. I'll tell you to look up the charge board. Or sorry. Yeah. The charge board. I'll tell you to look up the charge board. And. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. It's. that the only other ports it has are e-stop is obviously an e-stop inside the box um just make that a separate device and it's make two um make like a pin like um two cables running from that they're both green they're both safety daisy chain and also um battery oh wait never mind don't forget about that one oh yeah yeah okay so look it up i have all the connections here pulled up it's got a two charger box connection i think it's labeled as well um with like what the charger pinout is so definitely include that it also has a j1772 output port um you know cp and cc or whatever it is and that goes to a j1772 port so the port that's on the pcb like every other pcb is a molex minifid jr anyways yeah look it up ask me about it later so so so oh yeah so going off of the terminal block of the ac to dc there is a cooling pump and a cooling fan um just make it you know 12 volt uh ground or whatever okay so okay so we probably should also do uh what's inside the battery inside the battery there is a pcc which you got um just do your best to like assume that there is another device inside the high voltage battery that uses those connections so you know you're going to see like the energy meter that's its own device you're going to see um tssi so tssi is connecting to um pcc and i'm going to need you to um double check the pinout on that one uh if you haven't already gotten it from the github pull it from the github again yeah so uh look at the tssi pinout that it has you know what connectors and pinouts it has and um i'll tell you it's got some lights and some power or it's got some lights so the lights go out to the bulkhead um it has a low voltage connection um that goes to pcc wait i'm sorry i stand corrected um the the pinout that is on tssi sorry rtml um that's on rtml that pin all of that sorry it's got the light signal that goes to pcc but you should have known that because it's on there yeah i'm making a lot of this up like i'm like i'm kind of pulling this all out of my head you should be competent enough to figure out the documentation and make reasonable guesses if there is some guess that you think is unreasonable as usual you should vet it by me and we can work it out together um some context would be helpful like what the adjacent pins are and you know what board it is and uh what signals it has or whatever you know give me some context and like what board yeah all of the like give me some context if you you know if there's a something that's unclear okay there's also an inverter and um well that used to be on the inside of accumulator but now it's on the outside so i guess we're gonna need how many pins is it like four or six or something like that i think it's a four pin we're gonna need a four pin going out um that's connecting to pcc and then pin that to you know make up your own pin out for that four pin and that goes out to pcc sorry out from pcc to the accumulator bulkhead and then finally to the inverter and then you know from the inverter there's a connection to the motor um and i don't really know what's on the motor uh you can figure it out based off of what we have on rapid harness um but if you don't know all good we can work it out we should probably start mapping out the high voltage as well um so create a device that is the positive contactor and also make a negative contactor they should have the same um connections on it they should have you know uh plus 12 volt ground or whatever the power convention is and that is a two pin uh doidge connector that plugs into pcc there is a contactor for or contactor pin out like the nets are labeled i believe um so use some context to kind of figure out how to pin it uh it's a four pin you'll find it and then there are two other terminals on the contactor there is before air and after air uh actually you know what just call it tf plus and uh b plus and you know the minus equivalent right so then yeah make two areas that have that a ir and you know make it a ir plus a r minus and so um the you know t s side those the t s plus t s minus those both go to a high voltage connector the high voltage connector also has a interlock oh oh by the way we also have an energy meter um if i don't bring this up later remind me to tell you about the energy meter later and it also has the interlock well i guess i forgot what i was saying so there's the energy meter that takes in um some high voltage side i forget which one um don't specify the high voltage there is there but um it should have three high voltage connections it should be inline one inline two and then sense lead sense lead well i'm not gonna say where sense lead connects to but you know these three ports exist on this energy meter also has a four pin connector that is can high can low power ground that all goes to pcc that it's got its own port in pcc i think you also got i got that you got that the air is also connected pcc there's a bms connection and a bullkid connection they're both identical there's nothing occurred occurred occurred and create a device that is a battery. The battery should just have high voltage plus high voltage negative and those connect each to their respective relay. And you know complete up the attractive system path. There is battery goes to air. Air goes to big high voltage connector. Remind me to tell you ask or ask me for the part later like the part number. I think we got all the interlocks. Oh there's also a high voltage fuse. I don't really know where that goes. I don't have a high voltage system path totally figured out but just do your best to complete it and create the parts that I don't know where they go. Just create those as a floating part and we can connect them later. Also if safety board doesn't already have an amp output it should have a two pin power ground amp output. And I think there's a speaker connection set up already in the rapid harness. Yeah make sure that your sub agents use a ton of the rapid harness info. Before you spawn your sub agents you probably should create a project folder like on your sub agent. Just you know for you and me to keep track of all the vibes we've had. Actually no honestly this project like you know put in all of your open claw. Like there's an open claw stuff in there. Well okay so here's the thing. So the open claw memories and whatnot that are inside of that folder are for a agent. So yeah you should create your own memories and whatnot on your local machine. You don't need to live inside of that machine. So yeah. So yeah. So you're going to store this text transcript at the text file. And you're going to... Here's the linear set of instructions. You're going to first... Find or create a project folder with all of this stuff. So this includes this transcript. This includes the rapid harness information that we've gotten. And this includes some memories. Like memory files that remind you to know where all of the anteater electric racing PCBs and the GitHub are. You've already downloaded them so you can just like get a transcript. Sorry. Sorry. Get right down the directory of where that PCB... Those PCB files are. Let me know if you need me to provide you with a link. I'll provide you with an anteater electric racing... Like GitHub link if you can't find it. But I have definitely... Sent it to you. It's something like... I don't know. It's some GitHub link. You can grab like GitHub. You're smart. So once you have the rapid harness and the PCB pinout... You're going... And also... You need to write down... You know where the actual... Vibe wire is. Well... Actually... Okay. So here's the thing. If we're going to have agents running around in the Vibe wire... Like... What if they stumble across the memory files? Like isn't that a problem? Like isn't it going to assume that identity and get tripped up or something? I know I'm throwing a lot at you. I think this is going to take a little bit for you to unpack. I'm cool if you just take things turn per turn. Actually no. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to... Can you make forums on Discord? On Discord? Can you make like multiple forums on GitHub? Sorry. Discord and message me in parallel each question? Like it sounds like... I think we're going to have a bunch of little mini side conversations. No. I don't think that's going to work. Okay. Well. I don't know. If you think... If you can do it... Sure. Fuck it. But like... Be careful not to like... You know. Send me like 500 different messages. A lot of this stuff is related and can be done like as a single message. But I'm also cool if we just take it step by step. But you are going to have to write down kind of what we're going to do and all that. But you know. Follow the logical order. Or... And yeah. I guess we're getting things set up. So after you get things set up... I really need you to... Like be smart about this. You know. Like I already have a lot of stuff on VibeWire. I'm not totally sure what's there. And what's right or not. I think it should all be right. But um... You know. I don't think it should be... I don't know. Just figure it out man. But I think this is what we should do. This context has gone absolutely insane. I kind of want you to um... Like when you put this transcript into the file. I don't want it to be like a ranty direct transcript. I want it to be a bit more structured than I'm giving it to you. Um. So yeah. Once you post the transcript. It should probably be more structured. Um. But yeah. Before you do anything. Uh. How are we doing? What are you thinking? Uh. Did I just dump a lot on you? Are you going to freak out? You got this buddy. Um. Yep. Oh. By the way. Yeah. Make sure you transcribe this locally. Well I guess if you're hearing this. You're. You've already transcribed it. Anyways. Hear back from you soon. Like this. Thank you.